doc: add doc for cephfs lazyio (#26976)
ceph/ceph: doc/cephfs/lazyio.rst

======
LazyIO
======

LazyIO relaxes POSIX semantics. Buffered reads/writes are allowed even when a
file is opened by multiple applications on multiple clients. Applications are
responsible for managing cache coherency themselves.

Libcephfs supports LazyIO since nautilus release.

Enable LazyIO

> =============

Reviewer: Add a newline

LazyIO can be enabled by following ways.

> - 'client_force_lazyio' option enables LAZY_IO gloablly for libcephfs and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- ``client_force_lazyio`` option enables LAZY_IO gloablly for libcephfs and
```

Reviewer 2: and "gloablly" -> "globally"

  ceph-fuse mount.

> - 'ceph_lazyio(...)' and 'ceph_ll_lazyio(...)' enable LAZY_IO for file handle

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- ``ceph_lazyio(...)`` and ``ceph_ll_lazyio(...)`` enable LAZY_IO for file handle
```

  in libcephfs.

> - 'ioctl(fd, CEPH_IOC_LAZYIO, 1UL)' enables LAZY_IO for file handle in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- ``ioctl(fd, CEPH_IOC_LAZYIO, 1UL)`` enables LAZY_IO for file handle in
```
